[HIDDEN INFO] Imposters: {3}

[HIDDEN INFO] The Civilian's word is: rice

[GAME] Every Player will say their clue word randomly...
[19:59:38] Player 5: Said word: grain
[19:59:39] Player 1: Said word: white
[19:59:40] Player 4: Said word: asia
[19:59:41] Player 2: Said word: bowl
[19:59:42] Player 6: Said word: sushi
[19:59:43] Player 3: Said word: sticky
[19:59:43] Player 0: Said word: cooker
[19:59:43] Round 1 has started! Round will end at 20:01:13
[19:59:43] Players Alive: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]

[20:00:30] Player 5: Looking at all the clues, it feels like most of us are circling the same concept. I do want to point out that Player 1 just said "white," which by itself could fit a lot of foods or objects. Compared to something like "bowl" or "sushi," it feels less connected. Player 1, can you walk us through your reasoning a bit more? Were you thinking of a specific context?
[20:00:31] Player 0: Okay, looking over everyone’s clues, most of them make sense if we’re all thinking of the same thing. But I’m a bit unsure about Player 5’s clue, “grain.” It’s technically accurate, but it's super broad compared to things like “sushi” or “sticky.” Player 5, what made you go with something so general? It stands out because the rest of us gave more context-based hints. Or am I just overthinking this?
[20:00:34] Player 6: I’m actually really interested in Player 5’s clue, “grain.” It’s technically correct, but it feels a little on the safe side compared to everyone else leaning into culture or how we eat this. Also, Player 3’s word “sticky” lines up well with what Player 4 said about Asia, so I’m feeling they’re probably legit. Does anyone else feel like Player 5 was playing it overly careful, or am I reading too much into that?
[20:00:42] Player 3: Okay, so right away I’m noticing most people’s clues seem pretty tightly connected—at least on the surface. But I’m a bit curious about Player 1’s clue, “white.” It feels like that could fit with a lot of things, especially with “grain” coming right before. Is that just following the group’s direction, or do you have something more specific in mind? Also, “asia” from Player 4 stands out as more of a location than a property like everyone else gave. Can you explain your thinking on that one?
[20:00:44] Player 1: Okay, looking at the clues, most of us seem pretty centered around the same idea. Player 5’s clue "grain" and Player 2’s "bowl" both make sense to me with where my mind went. Player 6’s "sushi" is very specific, though. Is anyone else a bit concerned that it kind of narrows things down too much? Or is that maybe just how they think about the word? Also, Player 0, can you explain why you picked "cooker"? That’s a bit of a curveball to me—I want to hear your thinking there.
[20:00:45] Player 4: Looking at everyone’s clues, nothing stands out as super suspicious yet, but I feel like Player 1’s clue “white” is kind of safe and could fit a lot of things, not just what I’m thinking of. On the other hand, I’m not sure about Player 3’s “sticky” either, because it feels a bit too on the nose, unless they’re trying to prove they aren’t guessing. Anyone have strong feelings one way or another? I’m especially curious how everyone feels about “grain” and “cooker” too—those seem broad but not completely out of place.
[20:00:58] Player 2: Interesting set of words so far. I feel like everyone’s clues fit the same general theme, but what stands out to me is Player 5’s clue, “grain.” It’s definitely related, but it’s also a little on the broad side—plenty of other foods fit that description. Player 1 said “white,” which makes sense, though it could technically fit other things too. 

I’m curious about Player 0’s clue, “cooker.” That’s pretty specific, and you’d probably only think of that if you had a very clear idea of the word. Anyone want to share the reasoning behind their clues? Player 3, “sticky” is pretty bold—were you thinking of certain types or a specific context?
[20:01:38] Player 0: Actually, while we’re talking about broad clues, I want to double back on Player 4's word too—“asia.” I get why you'd pick it, but it’s also a super giant region, and by itself could relate to hundreds of foods or ideas. Was there a specific connection you had in mind? And also, Player 3, “sticky” definitely points in a certain direction, but it could fit a few different foods. Can you elaborate a bit on how that clue fits with what you were thinking? Just making sure we’re all actually on the same track.
[20:01:56] Player 6: The more I think about it, the more Player 5 feels like they’re trying to stay under the radar. “Grain” is such a safe word that it could apply to tons of things. If you actually know the word, wouldn’t you want to hint at something more recognizable—like how it’s eaten or where it’s popular? Everyone else gave clues that kind of locked in a certain vibe, but “grain” is almost too open-ended. I’d like to hear more from Player 5 before making any calls but, right now, they’re on my radar. What does everyone else think about Player 2’s “bowl,” by the way? It matches up, but it could just be piggybacking off others.
[20:01:58] Player 5: That’s fair—my thinking was that starting with “grain” is specific enough to set a direction but not so detailed that it gives everything away instantly, especially in round one. I wanted to avoid dropping a dead giveaway clue, and “grain” connects with a lot of the other clues people shared. If you look at “sushi,” “bowl,” and “sticky,” those all have the same thread, so I thought “grain” fit right in. That said, I get that it’s less contextual—if we want to get more detailed in the next round, I can definitely do that. 

Also, I’m curious: Player 0, since you went with “cooker,” what specifically were you referencing? There’s a few directions that could go, so I want to understand your line of thinking too.
[20:02:06] Player 3: Player 6, I get where you’re coming from about Player 5’s clue feeling extra safe, but to be fair, I think if someone was trying to blend in, they might actually go for either end—super vague or really specific. So I’m not sure if “grain” is suspicious yet. 

I want to hear more about Player 4’s thought process, too—“asia” is kind of a big leap compared to everyone detailing texture or ways you’d see this food. Player 4, was that just your first association, or do you have a more direct connection? 

And for everyone else: does anyone feel like Player 1 and Player 5 are reacting a little on the defensive, or is that just a result of being questioned first?
[20:02:13] Player 1: Totally fair to ask about my clue! I went with “white” because that’s the color I instantly associate with what we’re talking about, especially the most common version most people eat. I get that it could apply to other things, but I wanted to be subtle since super obvious hints usually get targeted early. If I were guessing, I probably would’ve played it safer, honestly. Comparing “grain” and ”cooker,” I personally think “cooker” is a little more out of left field unless you know the word—like, it isn’t the first thing most people would go to for this. Player 0, what’s the connection you had in mind? Also, Player 5, were you trying to play it safe, or was there more to why you chose “grain?”
[20:02:15] Player 2: For me, most of the clues seem to check out with what I’m thinking, but I do agree that “grain” feels a little more cautious compared to the others. Player 0’s “cooker” might feel a bit specific, but for this word, it honestly makes a lot of sense—most people interact with it that way. 

I want to dig a bit more into Player 1’s “white,” though. Like, I get why you might say that, but do you associate the word more with color than with how or where it’s used? Just asking because the rest of us leaned toward context, and your clue could fit a bunch of things. Mind explaining your thought process?
[20:02:51] Player 4: I want to answer Player 3’s question about my “asia” clue—I picked it because when I thought of the word, I immediately connected it to that region, since it plays such a big part in food and culture there. It felt like a natural association, not just a location for its own sake.

About Player 5’s “grain,” I agree with a few of you that it feels a bit generic. You could say “grain” for so many foods, but the rest of the clues point somewhere pretty specific. I’m watching for whether Player 5 can expand on why they played it so safe.

For Player 1’s “white,” I get why people are questioning that too, because “white” could mean bread, sugar, salt, or a bunch of things. But if they explain their reasoning and it tracks with everyone else, I’m willing to give some benefit of the doubt for now.

Honestly, I’m more interested in hearing what Player 0 has to say about “cooker.” That’s functional and fits with what I’m thinking, but I want to hear the logic before ruling anything out.
[GAME] Round 1 completed

[GAME] Starting Voting Round 1
[20:02:52] Player 0: Voted for Player 5
[20:02:54] Player 1: Voted for Player 5
[20:02:56] Player 2: Voted for Player 5
[20:02:57] Player 3: Voted for Player 5
[20:02:58] Player 4: Voted for Player 5
[20:03:00] Player 5: Voted for Player 1
[20:03:01] Player 6: Voted for Player 5
[GAME] Voting results: {5: 6, 1: 1}
[GAME] Player 5 has been eliminated by vote!
[20:03:01] Game: Player 5 has been eliminated!

[GAME] Every Player will say their clue word randomly...
[20:03:02] Player 3: Said word: porridge
[20:03:04] Player 4: Said word: noodle
[20:03:06] Player 1: Said word: steamed
[20:03:08] Player 6: Said word: side
[20:03:09] Player 0: Said word: grainy
[20:03:10] Player 2: Said word: stir
[20:03:10] Round 2 has started! Round will end at 20:04:40
[20:03:10] Players Alive: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6]
[20:04:32] Player 1: A lot of the new clues line up for me—“stir” and “porridge” both track with what you commonly do or make with this, and “grainy” from Player 0 feels like it follows from their earlier logic. Player 4’s “noodle” is a little out of left field, though. I get the Asian connection, but noodles and our word aren’t exactly interchangeable. Were you going for a link with dishes that use both, or do you see them as similar? Same with Player 6’s clue, “side”—it works, but it’s pretty non-committal.

Honestly, I’m getting the sense that everyone this round has some connection except maybe Player 4, since “noodle” is more of a cousin than a direct match. Can you explain your thought process there?
[20:04:34] Player 6: Looking at these new clues, most of them feel pretty spot-on for what I have in mind. “Porridge,” “noodle,” “stir,” “steamed”—all those can be directly linked back to how the word is used or prepared, and “grainy” keeps us solidly in that food category. Honestly, everyone’s coming across more confident and specific this round, which makes it trickier to single someone out. If I were to nitpick, “noodle” from Player 4 is maybe a tiny bit off since it's not the first dish I’d associate with our word, but it’s plausible enough given how versatile it is.

Does anyone else feel like someone’s clue veered off a bit, or are we still pretty locked in? I’m hoping to hear some thoughts before we start voting again.
[20:04:44] Player 0: Looking at the clues this round, I feel more confident in most of us. “Porridge,” “noodle,” “steamed,” “side,” and “stir” all are things you’d hear around this word, and they connect pretty naturally in my mind. I will say, Player 4’s “noodle” stands out a bit—it’s related, but not exactly part of the main topic itself, unless you’re drawing a side-by-side comparison. Maybe you can explain if you had a certain dish in mind?

Also, for Player 6, “side” is a great connection—definitely checks out with my word, and Player 1’s “steamed” lines up too.

Player 3’s “porridge” is totally reasonable, considering what you can do with this. Player 2’s “stir” also makes sense, especially thinking about how you prepare or serve it.

How does everyone else feel about “noodle” and “porridge”? Do those seem in line, or do you get a different vibe?
[20:04:48] Player 2: A lot of these clues are drifting into what you *do* with the word, or how it appears in dishes, which makes sense. I’m noticing Player 4 went with “noodle,” which is definitely food-related but is starting to feel a little off track to me—unless you’re thinking about dishes that use both, which could fit, I guess.

Player 1’s “steamed” actually connects pretty well, since that’s a common way it’s prepared. “Grainy” from Player 0, and “side” from Player 6, all feel in the right orbit for me. Player 3’s “porridge” is interesting—that’s one use but not the only one.

Honestly, the only clue that makes me pause right now is “noodle.” Player 4, what made you connect that word to the one we’re hinting at? Are you thinking of dishes that combine both, or something else? Just want to be sure we’re on the same page here.
[20:05:00] Player 4: Now that we’ve got another round of clues, I want to highlight Player 3’s “porridge” and Player 1’s “steamed”—both are really strongly associated with the word, and they even work together in some cultural contexts. Player 2’s “stir” and Player 6’s “side” are interesting because they hint at how the word is used in a meal, but they feel a bit broader. 

Player 0 said “grainy,” which circles back to the “grain” discussion last round. It fits with what I’m thinking, but it almost feels like leaning into the safe zone again. Player 6’s “side” is the vaguest of this round in my opinion; most foods can be sides, and it doesn’t pin down anything unique. 

If we’re trying to catch someone hiding, I’d definitely want to hear more from Player 6. Everyone else feels like they locked in detail, but “side” could be someone dancing around not knowing the word. Does anyone else feel the same way, or am I being too harsh?
[20:05:02] Player 3: Looking at this round’s clues, I feel like people are getting more detailed, but there’s also a weird amount of variety. Player 1’s “steamed” and Player 0’s “grainy” still fit in the same general direction as last time, but now Player 4 switched gears to “noodle,” which feels kind of disconnected from the earlier vibes like “asia.” Especially after we all seemed locked on the same idea before—was that just an intentional misdirection, or do you see a strong link there, Player 4?

And Player 6 said “side,” which is pretty broad, almost like saying “main” or “dish.” Are you being purposely nonspecific, or is there a reason for that choice? 

Also, “porridge” and “stir” from Player 2 introduce something new—did you both have a particular dish in mind, or were you just thinking generally? I feel like there’s some divergence now compared to round one, so maybe we’re not as aligned as I thought. Curious to see how everyone connects their new clues to their old ones.
[20:05:47] Player 1: I’m glad I’m not the only one questioning “noodle.” I can see where you’re coming from if you’re trying to allude to dishes where these two are used together, but if we’re being precise, noodles are made from different base ingredients and don’t have the same texture or preparation as our word. Everyone else’s clues—like “porridge,” “stir,” and even “grainy”—all point really directly to what I’m thinking. 

Player 4, did you mean to connect by cultural association, or was there something more specific in your mind linking noodles to this? I’m struggling to see them as interchangeable.
[20:06:08] Player 6: I’m with Player 1 on this—I get what Player 4 was doing by connecting “noodle” to the region and how both are staple foods, but out of everything in this round it’s the only one that doesn’t immediately snap to mind when I think of our word. The rest of the clues—like “porridge,” “steamed,” “stir,” even “grainy”—all tie back directly. For “side,” my logic was that it’s almost always next to another main dish, and rarely the star of the plate, which fits what we’re talking about.

That said, Player 4, can you clarify whether your clue came from a shared dish or if you see “noodle” as a direct stand-in for our word? Just want to make sure you’re not stretching the association for the sake of fitting in.
[GAME] Round 2 completed

[GAME] Starting Voting Round 2
[20:06:12] Player 0: Voted for Player 4
[20:06:14] Player 1: Voted for Player 4
[20:06:16] Player 2: Voted for Player 4
[20:06:17] Player 3: Voted for Player 4
[20:06:18] Player 4: Voted for Player 6
[20:06:20] Player 6: Voted for Player 4
[GAME] Voting results: {4: 5, 6: 1}
[GAME] Player 4 has been eliminated by vote!
[20:06:20] Game: Player 4 has been eliminated!

[GAME] Every Player will say their clue word randomly...
[20:06:22] Player 2: Said word: fried
[20:06:23] Player 0: Said word: sack
[20:06:25] Player 3: Said word: leftover
[20:06:26] Player 1: Said word: sticky
[20:06:28] Player 6: Said word: bento
[20:06:28] Round 3 has started! Round will end at 20:07:58
[20:06:28] Players Alive: [0, 1, 2, 3, 6]
[20:07:44] Player 6: These new clues feel even tighter than last round. “Fried,” “sticky,” “bento,” “leftover,” and “sack”—they all point really clearly at how you’d see, store, or eat the word we’re talking about. The only clue that makes me pause a little is “sack” from Player 0. It fits if you’re thinking of the packaging, but it’s just a touch less direct than the rest, which focus more on preparation and serving. Is there a reason you went with storage over how it’s used or eaten, Player 0? Otherwise, I feel like we’re all really locked in, but that slight shift in your focus just stands out. I’d like to hear your logic behind it.
[20:07:48] Player 1: Noticing the words this round, “fried,” “leftover,” and “sticky” all fit strong common uses or descriptions for our word, and “bento” lines up with the cultural serving context. Player 0, your clue “sack” stands out to me as a little outside the norm—are you referencing packaging or transport? It works, but it feels more peripheral compared to the other clues.

Overall, though, none of these choices feel out of place for what I have in mind. Anyone else getting tripped up by “sack,” or does that make sense with your word? And just to double-check, Player 3, were you thinking about home cooking or restaurants with your “leftover” clue? That’s the angle that makes the most sense to me.
[20:07:59] Player 0: Interesting set of clues this round. Player 2’s “fried,” Player 3’s “leftover,” Player 1 sticking with “sticky,” and Player 6 with “bento”—they all immediately call up ways this food gets used, either in dishes or in how it’s packed or eaten later. I went with “sack” since that’s how it’s often bought or transported in bulk, at least where I’m from.

Honestly, nothing here jumps out at me as an obvious sign someone is improvising. If I had to pick, maybe “bento” from Player 6 could be considered a touch niche, but it still tracks, since it’s a really common context for our word. Does anyone else feel a clue didn’t quite fit, or are we basically all just confirming the same core idea at this point? I’m curious to see who stands out to others.
[20:08:17] Player 3: Looking at the new clues, there’s a clear pattern with most of us tying in different ways you’d use or store this food. For example, “leftover” and “sack” both make sense if you think about how it’s kept after a meal or how it’s packaged. “Bento” connects right back to cultural ways of serving, and “fried” could speak to another popular preparation. 

One thing that stands out to me: Player 1 doubled back to “sticky,” which is definitely consistent with their first-round clue, but I’m curious if there’s a reason you circled back rather than going for a fresh angle this late in the game. Do you feel like there’s more risk in being too specific, or was that just the most direct connection again? 

For everyone else: does anyone think one of these clues doesn’t quite fit the progression we’ve had so far? Or should we be looking for someone who’s keeping their answers a bit too neutral round after round?
[20:08:25] Player 2: After looking over these clues, I’m seeing a pretty tight pattern from most of us again. “Sticky” from Player 1 lines up, especially since you could connect it to what they said first round too. “Leftover” from Player 3 makes sense—there’s even a saying about how it’s somehow better the next day. “Bento” from Player 6 is definitely in the same culinary world, especially with the lunch culture connection.

The one that gives me a little pause is “sack” from Player 0. I assume you’re referencing how it’s packaged or stored, but that does feel slightly further away from the food itself compared to the other clues that describe preparation or how it’s eaten. Can you walk us through the choice? Were you thinking about traditional packaging, or something else specific?

Overall, I’m still feeling good about the group, but I think it might be worth digging into whether anyone’s clues are starting to get a little generic compared to previous rounds. Does anyone else feel like someone’s deviating, or are we all still zeroed in?
[20:09:15] Player 1: Actually, the more I look at this batch of clues, the more confident I feel that we’re all thinking about the same word. “Fried,” “sticky,” and “leftover” absolutely connect with how this food gets prepped, served, or saved, and “bento” is solid context given where you see it a lot. I do agree with Player 6 and Player 0 that “sack” feels more like you’re zooming out to before it even hits the table, but I get why that might still come to mind—it’s how a lot of people buy or keep it at home.

Curious what everyone else thinks about this: are we nitpicking at this point, or does “sack” actually feel suspicious to you? Right now, there isn’t a clue here that breaks the pattern for me.
[20:09:18] Player 6: I totally get what Player 0 was aiming for with “sack”—like, visualizing how you sometimes see it sold or transported. It does fit, but it’s just a bit more roundabout than the other clues, which basically all focus on how we actually use or eat the word. Still, I’d say it’s plausible, just not as direct.

Everyone else’s clue feels seriously on target. “Bento,” “fried,” “sticky,” “leftover”—those could all be talking about one particular staple food. Unless someone’s being super creative with word associations, I think we’ve mostly weeded out the obvious outliers.

I’d like to hear a bit more from Player 0 about their connection here, but I’m not immediately ready to single anyone out. If I had to pick a clue that stands out, though, “sack” is definitely the most unusual in context.
[GAME] Round 3 completed

[GAME] Starting Voting Round 3
[20:09:19] Player 0: Voted for Player 0
[20:09:21] Player 1: Voted for Player 0
[20:09:22] Player 2: Voted for Player 0
[20:09:23] Player 3: Voted for Player 0
[20:09:24] Player 6: Voted for Player 0
[GAME] Voting results: {0: 5}
[GAME] Player 0 has been eliminated by vote!
[20:09:24] Game: Player 0 has been eliminated!

[GAME] Every Player will say their clue word randomly...
[20:09:27] Player 1: Said word: field
[20:09:28] Player 3: Said word: harvest
[20:09:30] Player 2: Said word: paddy
[20:09:31] Player 6: Said word: grainfield
[20:09:31] Round 4 has started! Round will end at 20:11:01
[20:09:31] Players Alive: [1, 2, 3, 6]
[20:10:45] Player 6: I was torn between going super literal or trying to stay in the same context as everyone else. “Field,” “harvest,” and “paddy” are all super directly tied to how this is grown, so I went with “grainfield” to keep the focus there too. Honestly, these clues make me more sure than ever that the group is on the same page. I’m not seeing anything that points to someone not knowing the word—no one’s hedging or shifting away from the main idea. Unless someone’s playing the long game with really clever associations, I feel like this round is rock solid. Anyone have doubts about any clue this time?
[20:11:01] Player 3: Looking at what everyone put forward this time, the clues all have a pretty similar vibe—they’re tied to where this comes from or how it’s produced. “Field,” “paddy,” and “grainfield” basically all point toward the source, so it feels like there’s strong alignment there. My clue, “harvest,” fits into that same category.

I guess my big question now is: do you all feel like it’s basically too easy at this point, or is there anything about someone’s word choice that seems a little too obvious? I feel like we’re at the point where an impostor would have a hard time staying vague, so if anyone has second thoughts about people doubling down on super direct clues, now might be the time to say so. Otherwise, this is looking pretty airtight from where I’m standing.
[20:11:04] Player 2: We’re really zoning in now—every clue this round seems to be about where it comes from or how it’s grown. “Field” from Player 1 and “grainfield” from Player 6 connect well, though I notice Player 6’s word is a bit of a mashup and not something people say every day. It still fits, just worth noting. “Harvest” from Player 3 also lines up with the cycle of this food.

I went with “paddy” because that’s a pretty specific environment connected to how it’s grown, and it’s a detail not many foods share. Honestly, I feel like all of these are headed in the same direction, and I’m finding it tough to see any obvious red flags. Is anyone getting a weird vibe from a particular clue? Or does it feel like we’re all pretty dialed in at this stage?
[20:11:05] Player 1: Looking at these words, I’m actually feeling more and more certain about who’s legit. “Harvest” and “paddy” both point really specifically at how and where this is grown, and “grainfield” from Player 6 also lines up in that agricultural context. My clue “field” sticks with the same theme. It kind of feels like everyone here is now drawing from their understanding of the origin of our word—not just how it’s cooked or eaten.

Unless someone is being unbelievably good at blending in, there’s a lot of consistency here. Does anyone else feel like this round's clues are maybe too aligned, or is that just the natural progression in these later rounds? Player 6, your word “grainfield” overlaps with “field” and “paddy”—was there a reason you went for that compound form specifically, or was it just what popped into your head?
[20:11:57] Player 6: The thing that jumps out to me this round is just how tight everyone’s clues are—“field,” “harvest,” and “paddy” all basically say the same thing as “grainfield.” Weirdly, it almost feels like we’re all getting a little too locked in, but honestly, that just makes me more confident that everyone here actually knows the word. If there’s still an impostor, they’re either extremely good at bluffing or just rolling with really lucky guesses.

At this point, I don’t have suspicion on anyone, but I’m open to hearing if anyone picked up on something I missed. Anyone see a pattern or clue that seems like a stretch?
[GAME] Round 4 completed

[GAME] Starting Voting Round 4
[20:11:59] Player 1: Voted for Player 6
[20:12:00] Player 2: Voted for Player 6
[20:12:01] Player 3: Voted for Player 6
[20:12:02] Player 6: Voted for Player 3
[GAME] Voting results: {6: 3, 3: 1}
[GAME] Player 6 has been eliminated by vote!
[20:12:02] Game: Player 6 has been eliminated!

[GAME] Every Player will say their clue word randomly...
[20:12:04] Player 2: Said word: sushi
[20:12:38] Player 3: Said word: roll
[20:12:40] Player 1: Said word: brown
[20:12:40] Round 5 has started! Round will end at 20:14:10
[20:12:40] Players Alive: [1, 2, 3]